♪Do you know, our fingertips
are bound by one string♪
♪Tied to an attachment
that blooms only to fade♪
♪By your side once♪
♪I laughed with the world
wild and free♪
♪Yet now there's no one
to carry the story on♪
♪Do you know you are the one string
woven through my fate♪
♪Coiled through the years,
where longing sharpens into pain's line♪
♪If love is meant to fall
more wretched the fiercer its flight♪
♪Yet I still came to answer your call♪
=Shall We Dance=
=Episode 21=
(I once had a dream.)
(A dream that filled me with dread.)
(Could it be that today…)
(is the day this dream comes true?)
Come with me.
Chu Ying.
You're awake. How do you feel?
Have you gone daft?
This isn't a dream.
What a surprise.
You gave me quite a fright last night.
I thought that nightmare had come true.
It's so quiet.
It's beautiful here.
Where is this place?
This is a lake
a few li outside the capital.
The terrain nearby is complex.
The rebels can't track us here.
Nor will it be easy for you to leave.
What?
Afraid I might run off?
You won't let the rebels
overrun the capital.
And I won't let you leave either.
I have a question.
Jia Yi and Sun Gong
are plotting rebellion.
I assume the invasion
and this palace coup
are orchestrated by them.
I've been investigating them in secret.
They're connected to the Zhen clan case.
I believe
Sun Gong is actually
Zhen Muyu,
who vanished twenty years ago.
And
he calls Jia Yi "Uncle."
Uncle is an illegitimate son,
so he's not truly tied to the Zhen clan.
However,
Father and Mother treated him
very well since childhood.
An elder brother is like a father,
and his wife like a mother.
In his heart,
they mattered more than his own parents.
So they're your brother and your uncle.
I've secretly tried
to stop Uncle and my brother
from colluding with foreign forces,
to prevent tragedy.
But their resentment runs too deep.
I couldn't turn things around.
I had no choice but this last resort.
You should've told me sooner.
If I had,
back when you doubted
my purpose for returning,
what would you have done?
I would've joined forces with Aunt,
killed the two of them,
then placed you under house arrest
to eliminate any risks.
Just as I expected.
So I allowed myself one selfish choice.
But things are different now.
After learning
the full story behind this case,
I can't bring myself to kill them.
I, Chu Ying,
have always put the state first.
This time, I'll be selfish too.
I haven't told anyone.
Even my aunt is still in the dark.
Trust me.
I'll do everything I can
to resolve this feud.
Thank you.
I have another question.
Your brother is my uncle-in-law.
Doesn't that mean you're my elder?
Indeed.
That would make me your aunt.
I won't allow that.
You can only be my one and only...
Enough.
At a time like this,
it isn't appropriate.
I have another question.
Why were you in the hall?
I couldn't bear to see
someone dear to me
fight to the death.
You didn't want to lose me, did you?
Chu Ying.
Last night,
I didn't go there to save you.
I know.
Jia Yi must've sent you to capture me.
I defied my uncle's orders
and saved you.
I meant to take you far away,
away from this blood feud.
I'd find us
a distant mountain near a river
and spend our lives there.
In those distant hills and rivers,
I'd farm, you'd weave,
and we'd raise a son and a daughter.
Wouldn't that be bliss?
What do you say?
Of course I'd want that.
But I can't promise you.
Xiao Man,
as Chu Ying,
I'd gladly cast everything aside
to live an unshackled life with you.
But as an emperor,
as the ruler of this realm,
I must stand
with the land and its people.
The capital is in grave danger now.
Your elite forces are
all reinforcing the borders.
How will you stand against my uncle?
As long as we stay together...
Enough.
If I could abandon
my uncle and my brother,
I wouldn't have
suffered all these years,
nor would I have brought you here.
Xiao Man,
we're both exhausted.
Get some rest.
Let me think.
Come.
Stop right there.
So you've made up your mind to leave.
Yes.
No matter what, I must face this.
My uncle originally
planned to capture you alive,
then have you executed
before the rebel army.
This force here
was former soldiers of the Xiao Army.
I know.
They've been waiting for your return
to use your flesh and blood
to appease my mother's soul.
If that is truly the case,
then this is my destiny.
Chu Ying.
I'm torn between you
and my own kin.
Can you understand how I feel?
Of course I can.
Then for my sake,
will you yield?
This is something I must face
as a descendant of the Chu clan.
I can't let the moment
I fear most come to pass.
I will never let you
walk toward your own death.
All this tragedy was
caused by my father.
I believe I owe
the Zhen clan justice.
If the blood in me
that belongs to the Chu lineage
were to run dry,
would we return
to how we were as children?
Xiao Man.
Once I leave,
I may never see you again.
Before I go,
will you dance with me?
♪I wanted to ask you
the meaning of forever♪
♪Is it longing that never rests♪
♪Love that echoes without end♪
♪Or promises that can't be kept♪
♪All those vows of forever we made♪
♪Are sealed away in darkness now♪
♪How cruel♪
♪Love blooms and withers♪
♪The more I try to forget
the fiercer the love burns♪
♪The more I retreat
the sharper it feels♪
♪How am I supposed to let go♪
♪And bring this story to an end♪
♪After ten thousand years
adrift in the mortal world♪
♪Why is my wish still unfulfilled♪
♪How absurd that
this longing just won't die♪
Are you set on risking your life?
If I don't face this,
neither of us will ever live in peace.
Don't worry.
I'm going back to resolve the hatred.
Xiao Man,
come back with me.
I can't.
I don't want to
face someone important to me
in a fight to the death.
I...
Enough.
I understand.
Don't go.
When everything is settled,
I'll still be waiting for your return.
♪After ten thousand years
adrift in the mortal world♪
♪Why is my wish still unfulfilled♪
♪How absurd that
this longing just won't die♪
♪Do you know, our fingertips
are bound by one string♪
♪Tied to an attachment
that blooms only to fade♪
♪By your side once♪
♪I laughed with the world
wild and free♪
♪Yet now there's no one
to carry the story on♪
Chu Ying.
♪Do you know you are the one string
woven through my fate♪
♪Coiled through the years,
where longing sharpens into pain's line♪
We'll both go back
and face our destiny.
♪Yet I still came to answer your call♪
♪After ten thousand years
adrift in the mortal world♪
♪Why is my wish still unfulfilled♪
♪How absurd that
this longing just won't die♪
♪Do you know, our fingertips
are bound by one string♪
♪Tied to an attachment
that blooms only to fade♪
♪By your side once♪
♪I laughed with the world
wild and free♪
♪Yet now there's no one
to carry the story on♪